dear Ronnie please know that none of
what happened between your mother and me
had anything to do with you
I hope this summer will give us a chance
to reconnect on the beach that is
awesome
is she doing otherwise you heard she got
into Julliard right no she says she's
not going mark I got bacon here we got
breakfast vegetarian dad this one there
a year and a half it's ridiculous you
didn't all never think about getting
back together mom's about to get married
so you have your first the word is
you're from New York so what are you
doing down here
my mom shipped me and my brother to my
dad's for the summer
we better maintain visual contact
your sister just got kids it's all over
face
did you become someone soon as they got
out of New York City
Nonna's made me feel like you do right
we make mistakes we're not perfect any
of us
they'd probably talk about this with the
girlfriend if I had one here but I don't
oh do you want to talk let's fuck
sometimes you have to be apart from
people you love
but that doesn't mean you love them any
less sometimes it even makes you love
them more
I'm smiling like that's creeping me out
my smile creepy let's see hey